Finished PLL documentation (#286)
lhr-solar/BPS: Docs/source/Software/BSP.rst

The Fans driver is used to control the speed of the fans depending on the temperature of the Battery
Pack. It allows for as many speeds as needed and can change the speed of individual fans. It supports
four fans and uses PWM to change the speed and hopefully save energy.

> PLL BSP: Clark Poon

Reviewer: I think Sijin wrote this code

==================================

Purpose

>     The PLL is used to increase the clock cycle of the STM clock. Right now, it is set to change it
>     from 16 Mhz to 80 Mhz.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The PLL is used to increase the clock speed of the STM32F413's clock. Right now, it is set to change it
    from 16 MHz to 80 MHz.
```
